Add some ansible-galaxy documentation and fix subdir searching (#73406)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/collections_using.rst

   ansible-galaxy collection download -r requirements.yml

> A source collection directory can also be downloaded. The collection will be built with the mandatory ``galaxy.yml`` file.

Reviewer: Use active voice and present tense:
```suggestion
You can also download a source collection directory. The collection is built with the mandatory ``galaxy.yml`` file.
```

> A source collection directory can also be downloaded. The collection will be built with the mandatory ``galaxy.yml`` file.

Reviewer: Wait, is `galaxy.yml` mandatory? If so, then any collection with a MANIFEST.json will have both? What happens if the metadata in them differs?

Author: Yes, it's mandatory to ``download`` directories (unrelated of the code changes in this PR). It's needed to build the tarfile for the download directory. If the ``galaxy.yml`` isn't found the build step fails. Without the code changes in this PR, both the `galaxy.yml` and a `MANIFEST.json` could both be present (they *shouldn't* be), and yes, the metadata could conflict and lead to unexpected behavior because the ``galaxy.yml`` would only be used initially. This PR makes the existence of both sources of metadata an error.

Reviewer: ah, thanks for the clarification

.. code-block:: bash

   ansible-galaxy collection download /path/to/collection

   ansible-galaxy collection download git+file:///path/to/collection/.git

> Multiple source collections can be downloaded by providing the path to the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download multiple source collections from a single namespace by providing the path to the namespace.
```

.. code-block:: text

>    ns
>    ├── collection1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ns/
   ├── collection1/
```

   │   ├── galaxy.yml

>    │   └── plugins
>    └── collection2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   │   └── plugins/
   └── collection2/
```

       ├── galaxy.yml

>        └── plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       └── plugins/
```
